Write the following components using only HTML, CSS and JavaScript. You shouldn't use any third party css or dom library.

1. Implement a counter component. You should have two buttons, one for incrementing and another for decrementing count. Something similar to stackoverflow up/down vote component.

2. Implement number shuffle game, with a grid of 4x4. The grid should have numbers from 1 to 15 in random order. The user should be able to click on a number and move it to the adjacent empty space. The game is won when the numbers are in ascending order.

3. Implement a simple todo component. Support adding, deleting and marking todo items as done.

4. Implement a simple spreadsheet like component described [cells](https://7guis.bradwoods.io/cells/)

5. Implement a complete auth flow with Signup, SignIn and Dashboard components using react-router.

6. Implement a simple shopping cart applications

   1. Display a list of products. Allow adding these components to shopping cart.
   2. Allow user to view the shopping cart and update the quantity of each product.
   3. Allow user to checkout and display the total amount to be paid.

7. Implement a timer component that displays a timer that starts at 00:00. Add buttons to start, pause, and reset the timer.

8. Implement Image Gallery. Create a component that displays a grid of images. Allow users to click on an image to view it in a larger size in a modal window/dialog box.

9. Create a DataGrid component to render a list of objects.

   1. Allow ordering the list by clicking on the column header.
   2. Allow filtering the list by typing in a search box.
   3. Allow pagination of the list.

10. Build a drawing application where users can draw on a canvas. Store the drawing data in global state and update the canvas accordingly.

11. Create a multi-step form component that guides users through a series of form sections. Store the form data in global state and allow users to navigate between steps.

12. Create a quiz application that presents a series of questions with multiple-choice options. Store the user's selected answers and display the final score at the end.

13. Build a component that allows users to drag and drop elements within a container. Update the local state to reflect the new order of the elements.
